Integrate strimzi-kafka-oauth 0.6.0 features (#3336)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/proc-oauth-authorization-broker-config.adoc

* Strimzi must be configured to use OAuth 2.0 with Keycloak for xref:assembly-oauth-authentication_str[token-based authentication].
You use the same Keycloak server endpoint when you set up authorization.

> * OAuth 2.0 authentication has to be configured with `maxSecondsWithoutReauthentication` option to enable re-authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OAuth 2.0 authentication must be configured with the `maxSecondsWithoutReauthentication` option to enable re-authentication.
```
